feat(components): Atlantis Component For Gallery (#891)
GetJobber/atlantis: packages/components/src/Gallery/Gallery.mdx

provide the user with a button to display the rest of the thumbnails beyond the
maximum

<Playground>
  <Gallery
    max={2}
    files={[
      {
        key: "abc",
        name: "myballisbigandroundIamrollingitontheground.png",
        type: "image/png",
        size: 213402324,
        progress: 1,
        src: "https://source.unsplash.com/250x250",
      },
      {
        key: "def",
        name: "iamanimage.png",
        type: "image/png",
        size: 124525234,
        progress: 1,
        src: "https://source.unsplash.com/250x250",
      },
      {
        key: "efg",
        name: "upanddown.png",
        type: "image/png",
        size: 233411234,
        progress: 1,
        src: "https://source.unsplash.com/250x250",
      },
      {
        key: "jkl",
        name: "kramer.png",
        type: "image/png",
        size: 233411234,
        progress: 1,
        src: "https://source.unsplash.com/250x250",
      },
      {
        key: "mno",
        name: "boston.png",
        type: "image/png",
        size: 233411234,
        progress: 1,
        src: "https://source.unsplash.com/250x250",
      },
    ]}
  />
</Playground>

## Content Guidelines

> The Gallery was created to present images, specifically thumbnails, to the user.

Reviewer: other gallery words being used are small g rather then large G

The Gallery can display as many images as the designs call for, but if the

> amount of images become too great, the `max` prop can be used to constrain the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
amount of images becomes too great, the `max` prop can be used to constrain the
```

number of images shown.

## Accessibility

> Each of the thumbnails the Gallery displays are tab navigatable. A hover state
> will also slighltly dim a particular thumbnail when the cursor hovers over it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each of the thumbnails the Gallery displays are tab navigable. A hover state
will also slightly dim a particular thumbnail when the cursor hovers over it.
```

## Responsiveness

Responsiveness of thumbnails are controlled by the Gallery wrapper, thumbnails
do not get resized. In other words, if the device rendering the Gallery is 500px
wide, then taking into account padding it will display roughly three thumbnails

> beside eachother before wrapping subsequent thumbnails to a new line

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
beside each other before wrapping subsequent thumbnails to a new line
```
